```    _ ,                                                           
  ,- -                         ,,                      ,,         
 _||_                          ||                      ||         
' ||    _-_  ,._-_  _-_  \\/\\ ||/|, ,._-_  /'\\  /'\\ ||/\  _-_  
  ||   || \\  ||   || \\ || || || ||  ||   || || || || ||_< || \\ 
  |,   ||/    ||   ||/   || || || |'  ||   || || || || || | ||/   
_-/    \\,/   \\,  \\,/  \\ \\ \\/    \\,  \\,/  \\,/  \\,\ \\,/  
```
=> ferenbrooke.com/index.gmi Home
=> ferenbrooke.com/short-stories/index.gmi Short Stories
=> ferenbrooke.com/serials/index.gmi Serial Fiction
=> ferenbrooke.com/blog/index.gmi Blog
=> ferenbrooke.com/links.gmi Links
=> https://ferenbrooke.com/RSS.xml RSS

# Welcome to Ferenbrooke

Ferenbrooke is a medium-sized town somewhere in the East of England, not
far from the East Midlands. It has a vaguely defined population and
location, and is home to many notable anomalies and regrettable
discoveries. A university town, it attracts a wide variety of students
from all the world's dark places. The natives live in fear of the next
time the graduate students in the physics department get a little
excitable.

In another context, Ferenbrooke is a setting in which I place most of my
horror stories. It's part Cambridge (my home town), part Arkham (of
Lovecraft Mythos fame). If you like horror with a little occult
strangeness and a dash of sci-fi, you might enjoy my work. Most of it is
here, free for anyone who wants it.

But first, a word of caution. This site is written for mature readers
and will contain horror and violence and bad language. Content warnings
for specific stories are supplied on a best-effort basis. Shoot me an
email if you feel I've missed something and I'll correct it as soon as
possible.

That said, please do explore. I'm writing and adding to the site very
regularly, so if you pop back in a couple of weeks there will surely be
something new. There's an RSS feed if you want to be kept updated (and
are the kind of nerd like me who still uses RSS feeds).

Happy reading.

--Antony Frost

(P.S. if you'd like to get into touch, you can send me an email at ferenbrooke@antonyf.xyz for matters relating to this capsule.)
