```    _ ,                                                           
  ,- -                         ,,                      ,,         
 _||_                          ||                      ||         
' ||    _-_  ,._-_  _-_  \\/\\ ||/|, ,._-_  /'\\  /'\\ ||/\  _-_  
  ||   || \\  ||   || \\ || || || ||  ||   || || || || ||_< || \\ 
  |,   ||/    ||   ||/   || || || |'  ||   || || || || || | ||/   
_-/    \\,/   \\,  \\,/  \\ \\ \\/    \\,  \\,/  \\,/  \\,\ \\,/  
```
=> ferenbrooke.com/index.gmi Home
=> ferenbrooke.com/short-stories/index.gmi Short Stories
=> ferenbrooke.com/serials/index.gmi Serial Fiction
=> ferenbrooke.com/blog/index.gmi Blog
=> ferenbrooke.com/links.gmi Links
=> https://ferenbrooke.com/RSS.xml RSS

# End of Year Musings '24

29/12/2024

It's been a hell of a year in the F. household. I started 2024 unable to
walk and uncertain that I ever would again due to the hit and run that I
*never shut up about*. We had a one-year-old, my wife had not returned
to work, and my job as a wax factory worker was looking untenable. I'd
eventually get back on my feet with crutches in January, a walking stick
in April, and unaided in June (except for the bad days). I returned to
work in June, as well. Though I am currently off again since September
due to mental health issues (the accident dramatically worsened my
existing C-PTSD), I am certainly doing a lot better this year.

One of the big ticks in the plus column for EOY '24 over '23 is the fact
that I'm writing again. I'd more or less stopped horror related
activities after Jacob was born, unable to handle the combined stress of
hard, physical shift work plus fatherhood plus my somewhat unhinged
writing process. Returning has meant a lot to me. I think it took
getting close enough to death to tickle the Grim Reaper's taint for me
to realise just how important my silly little stories are to me, even if
nobody is reading them. In fact, processing the accident by writing
horror and weird fiction inspired by it is one of the first and most
frequent things I thought about while I was in the hospital, aside from
thoughts of my wife and son.

So yeah, I'm back in the game with this new website. It looks very retro
and amateurish, which is exactly the look I'm going for (honest!). I
want it to feel very human and raw, which is also how I want my stories
to feel. I want it to nod vaguely in the direction of the web idealism
of the late '90s and early 2000s rather than seamlessly blending in with
the corporate web apps of 2024. A bit of a throwback. More Neocities
than Squarespace (though I'm not using Neocities since I decided to spin
up and manage an OpenBSD server myself. It's going for that same vibe,
though).

But I digress.

What I want to do tonight is write a little about what I'm planning for
Ferenbrooke in the coming year. I'll follow that up with a few
paragraphs on what I'm happy about, and things I'm thankful for. It
feels like a good and proper thing to do at the end of the year, and I'm
sure my therapist would approve.

## The Horrors Shall Persist

Firstly, I'll be ending *Nos Da, Tad* with a new epilogue. This'll set
up a couple of things which I'll be writing later in the year. That's
all I'll say for now, but I think a couple of readers of the original
version of *Nos Da, Tad* will be quite pleased if I'm remembering their
comments correctly.

I've started loosely sketching out some ideas for the next serial, which
I want to start posting in the Spring. It's going to focus on a
down-and-out bartender coming across an alternative internet protocol
and slowly uncovering a mystery around the creator of said protocol.
It's inspired by Gopher and Gemini (not the Google thing, the [Gemini
protocol](https://geminiprotocol.net/)) and the phenomenon of paranoia
and conspiracy culture. I'm still workshopping a name, but I'm looking
forward to getting right into the story. As a way of celebrating this
story, I'll also be spinning up servers in Gopherspace and Geminispace
and mirroring ferenbrooke.com there. I'm a big fan of these smaller,
simpler protocols due to my old-man-esque feeling that the modern web is
just too damn complex.

On the short story front, I've got a few recurring characters to
introduce. One of them, a detective named Amy Russell, is also the
protagonist of a novel I'm intermittently working on, so I'm quite keen
to introduce her to the world outside my head. Another is Lucia Ivanova,
the savvy mind behind the blog *Freaky Ferenbrooke* (mentioned in *The
Rail House*). It's likely the blog will come up again before she makes
an appearance, but I do want to get her on the page soonish. Ethan, from
*Cat's Eyes*, might get another story. He sort of came out of nowhere. I
wrote that story based on a recurring dream I've been having, so I was
quite surprised to find myself getting such a strong sense of who Ethan
is as a character quite quickly and I'm keen to see what happens if I
throw some more strangeness his way.

My overall goal for Ferenbrooke is to have the stories largely work fine
on their own, but also provide something extra for those who read more
widely on the site. I'm trying to ensure that I don't accidentally write
one giant mosaic novel where the stories don't individually work well
without the larger context while also adding enough Easter eggs,
references, and a sense of a larger narrative to make it rewarding to
read the whole lot. It's a nontrivial target, but hopefully I'll hit it.

## Ending The Year With Gratitude

Dr. Andrews, this bit is for you.

I'm glad my son is getting a little older, a little smarter, and
developing a strong personality. I'm glad my wife is enjoying being back
at work and I am glad she gets to have her endometriosis surgery soon to
improve her quality of life. I'm glad my family is safe and happy. I'm
glad I can walk.

I'm glad I managed to get this site up. I'm glad that I've written every
line of HTML, CSS, and XML myself rather than generating it (well, more
or less. The prose is written in markdown then I convert it to HTML and
wrap it in a template I made). That might change as this site grows, but
the '90s style web dev experience is serving as a sort of mindfulness
exercise right now. I'm glad I'm writing again, and glad that a few
people are reading it.

I'm thankful for my wife and son, for their love and support, and for
the continued understanding of my employer. I'm thankful, too, for the
folks that have taken time out of their day to read the stuff I'm
putting on this site. I'm thankful for my friends in the horror
community and for all the cool indie authors and small presses that
produced a tonne of new books for me to read now that I'm immersing
myself in this little corner of the lit world again.

I'm thankful for the people that heard the crash at 4:45am on 23/11/2023
and left their houses to see what happened. I'm thankful that they
spotted my twisted, broken body in the ditch ten metres from my
motorbike and called emergency services. I'm thankful for the air
ambulance that pumped 5 units of blood into me to stave of haemorrhagic
shock. I'm thankful for all the doctors, nursing staff, and other NHS
workers that put me back together over the course of a month and five
surgeries. I'm thankful for the synthetic bone graft in my left knee and
for the 34 titanium implants in my left leg, pelvis, back, and right
arm. I'm thankful for the fellow patients I met in hospital who made me
feel a little more human while I was wired up to a bunch of machines and
had a bunch of tubes going in and out of me. I'm *double* thankful for
the silly amount of morphine I was on the whole time I was in the
hospital.

And finally, I'm thankful for my scars. The ones you can see and the
ones you can't. I might not like them, but they make me who I am, and
that's worth something.

Thanks for reading.

---Antony F.