```    _ ,                                                           
  ,- -                         ,,                      ,,         
 _||_                          ||                      ||         
' ||    _-_  ,._-_  _-_  \\/\\ ||/|, ,._-_  /'\\  /'\\ ||/\  _-_  
  ||   || \\  ||   || \\ || || || ||  ||   || || || || ||_< || \\ 
  |,   ||/    ||   ||/   || || || |'  ||   || || || || || | ||/   
_-/    \\,/   \\,  \\,/  \\ \\ \\/    \\,  \\,/  \\,/  \\,\ \\,/  
```
=> ../index.gmi Home
=> ../short-stories/index.gmi Short Stories
=> ../serials/index.gmi Serial Fiction
=> ../blog/index.gmi Blog
=> ../links.gmi Links
=> https://ferenbrooke.com/RSS.xml RSS

# Ferenbrooke is Now on The Gemini Protocol!

22/06/25

After much procrastination and some actual genuine time-sinks (like moving back to Cambridgeshire from Essex), I finally got around to launching a Gemini capsule and formatting the content of this site for it. I'm very new to Gemini, so please don't hesitate to email me at ferenbrooke@mailbox.org (new email address BTW if you spot anything funky.

For those not acquainted with Gemini, think Gopher but tweaked for the 21st century. Very simple, no scripting or styling, but still fundamentally a way of browsing the internet. It's different browsers and different (text-only) sites, but it isn't all that alien. I like it quite a bit.

Everything from here on out will be posted on both the website and the capsule, ideally at the same time but we'll see how that goes.

With any luck, there'll be a new story up by the end of the month. I've somehow contracted this bizarre affliction wherein every time I try to write a short, it decides it wants to be a novel. Think I might have just about beaten it, but the result of this is that I have three partially written novels knocking about in addition to the beginnings of a serial. I'm going to try and get out another three or so shorts before I start posting the serial and I want all that to be well underway before the end of the summer, so I need to get into gear.

But I digress. I got the capsule up, that's a tick off the ol' todo list, so I'm going to log off and pat myself on the back for a minute before I return my nose to its rightful place on the grindstone.

Toodles,

Antony F.